Add config notice to rule docs (#3362)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/no-danger-with-children.md

> # Disallow when a DOM element is using both children and dangerouslySetInnerHTML (react/no-danger-with-children)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disallow DOM elements using both children and dangerouslySetInnerHTML (react/no-danger-with-children)
```

Author: Sounds good but let's make any tweaks to rule descriptions in a separate PR.
